packages/web-components/src/components/ic-classification-banner/readme.md, before:

# ic-classification-banner



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property              | Attribute              | Description                                                                                            | Type                                                                          | Default     |
| --------------------- | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `additionalSelectors` | `additional-selectors` | The additional information that will be displayed after the classification.                            | `string`                                                                      | `""`        |
| `classification`      | `classification`       | The classification level to be displayed - also determines the banner and text colour.                 | `"default" \| "official" \| "official-sensitive" \| "secret" \| "top-secret"` | `"default"` |
| `country`             | `country`              | The optional text that will be displayed before classification to specify relevant country/countries.  | `string`                                                                      | `"uk"`      |
| `inline`              | `inline`               | If `true`, the banner will appear inline with the page, instead of sticking to the bottom of the page. | `boolean`                                                                     | `false`     |
| `upTo`                | `up-to`                | If `true`, "Up to" will be displayed before the classification and country.                            | `boolean`                                                                     | `false`     |


## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                                 | Description                      |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------- |
| `--ic-z-index-classification-banner` | z-index of classification banner |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-classification-banner --> ic-typography
  style ic-classification-banner fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

Commit message:

feat: add top prop to classification banner
Added the ability to place the classification banner at the top of the screen. This commit also
affects the side and top naviagtion, adding correct padding when the top classification bar is
present.

packages/web-components/src/components/ic-classification-banner/readme.md, after:

# ic-classification-banner



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property              | Attribute              | Description                                                                                            | Type                                                                          | Default     |
| --------------------- | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `additionalSelectors` | `additional-selectors` | The additional information that will be displayed after the classification.                            | `string`                                                                      | `""`        |
| `classification`      | `classification`       | The classification level to be displayed - also determines the banner and text colour.                 | `"default" \| "official" \| "official-sensitive" \| "secret" \| "top-secret"` | `"default"` |
| `country`             | `country`              | The optional text that will be displayed before classification to specify relevant country/countries.  | `string`                                                                      | `"uk"`      |
| `inline`              | `inline`               | If `true`, the banner will appear inline with the page, instead of sticking to the bottom of the page. | `boolean`                                                                     | `false`     |
| `top`                 | `top`                  | If `true`, classification banner will be displayed at the top of the page.                             | `boolean`                                                                     | `false`     |
| `upTo`                | `up-to`                | If `true`, "Up to" will be displayed before the classification and country.                            | `boolean`                                                                     | `false`     |


## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                                 | Description                      |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------- |
| `--ic-z-index-classification-banner` | z-index of classification banner |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-classification-banner --> ic-typography
  style ic-classification-banner fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------
